Describe new HtmlEditor API and the dropDownButton.items.onClick option (#1320)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxHtmlEditor/3 Methods/getModule(moduleName).md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Gets instance of a [module](https://github.com/DevExpress/devextreme-quill/tree/master/modules). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets the instance of a module. 
```

##### return: Object
A module's instance. 

##### param(moduleName): String
The name of a [registered](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxHtmlEditor/Methods/#registercomponents) module. 

---

> You can use DevExtreme Quill modules, DevExtreme UI [modules](https://github.com/DevExpress/DevExtreme/tree/20_2/js/ui/html_editor/modules) or create custom ones.

Reviewer: External links should open in a new tab. Also, the link to Quill modules looks better here. I would also suggest changing the text a bit:

> You can get DevExtreme Quill modules, DevExtreme UI modules, or custom modules.

> Make sure that modules you want to get are not disabled in the [customizeModules](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/#customizeModules) function.

Reviewer: Who does the disabling? The developer or the module can just be disabled by default?

Author: The developer is the one who disables modules, and the only place for this is the `customizeModules` function. Once the dev disabled a module, they can't get the module via this method.

> Make sure that modules you want to get are not disabled in the [customizeModules](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/#customizeModules) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you implement the [customizeModules](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/#customizeModules) function, make sure that it does not disable the modules that you want to get.
```
